[Cloud-centric] Use-timescale (user-defined actions, query data, hyper functions) (#2164)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/hyperfunctions/stats-aggs.md

# Statistical aggregation

To make common statistical aggregates easier to work with in window functions
and continuous aggregates, Timescale provides common statistical aggregates in
a slightly different form than otherwise available in PostgreSQL and Timescale.

> In this example, we calculate the average, standard deviation, and kurtosis of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example calculates the average, standard deviation, and kurtosis of
```
